Let's go!
-Yes!
BANG!
Why?
My sister invited you over for dinner.
She wants me to introduce
my friends to her.
Tell her we're not your friends!
Is that clear?
Kacchan…
Welcome.
Thank you for taking out
some time to come here
despite your busy schedule.
Nice to meet you.
Thank you for looking after Shoto for me.
I'm his elder sister, Fuyumi.
During our internship
at Endeavor's agency,
Kacchan and I were invited
to Todoroki's house.
Sorry, Fuyumi.
I still can't bring myself to do this.
It's not that
I don't share Natsuo's feelings.
But this is our chance.
Todoroki.
I'm sure you're preparing
to forgive him at some point.
What?
If you really hated him that much,
it wouldn't be wrong not to forgive him.
But because you have a kind heart,
it seems like you're waiting
for the right moment.
Perhaps, it's not the right time yet.
YEARS AGO
It's been confirmed that
the villain had been arrested.
Thank you, Endeavor.
"All Might could have resolved the problem
30 minutes sooner."
-Bet you're thinking about that right now.
-No, not at all.
ENDEAVOR
QUIRK: HELLFLAME
The villain is very aggressive.
Keep an eye on him.
Yes.
-Endeavor!
-Endeavor…
Endeavor!
My first impression? Let's see.
The scorching red flame.
Yes. It's like an inferno
of scorching red flame.
It looks so stunning.
Endeavor, do you still remember?
When I had lost hope for everything,
when the wispy clouds of autumn days
were harsh enough to burn my eyes,
I saw you apprehend a thief named Takami.
From that day onward,
you've become my beacon of hope.
Seven years ago, I got cold feet
and you managed to arrest me.
All people are given the equal right
to decide how their lives should end.
Well done.
The day has come…
What do you think I did
when I first came out from prison?
I went and asked around about you
before I even filled my stomach.
Why?
Isn't it obvious?
I want you to put an end to all of this.
Well? Endeavor?
My admirable idol…
Your brother…
Haven't you told Midoriya and the others
about your brother Toya?
I didn't see the need to do so.
FUYUMI TODOROKI
Natsuo was very close with Toya.
They used to play together all the time.
After our mother was hospitalized,
things took a turn for the worse.
She couldn't even see Shoto.
But we made it through.
Shoto has started
to visit our mother again.
Our family is finally becoming normal.
But Natsuo is still unwilling
to forgive our father.
KATSUKI BAKUGO
QUIRK: EXPLOSION
He thinks our father
was the reason Toya died.
So that was why he put on a long face.
I'm sorry if this is all
too sudden for you.
Not at all.
It's time for you to go back to school.
Yes!
Thank you for dinner.
The food was delicious.
Thank you.
Give me the recipe for your Mapo tofu!
Yes.
I'll ask my sister to send it to me.
Fuyumi.
Thank you.
Thank you
for being Shoto's friend, Midoriya.
Don't mention it.
I should thank you instead.
It's me.
I'm sorry I had to cancel the appointment.
I'll be free the whole day tomorrow.
We could watch a movie…
I hope you grow stronger
at a quicker pace.
Except for weekends,
I'll do my best to arrange for you to work
at least two days during the weekdays.
I think Uraraka and Kirishima
had training like this before.
But we have to study for our finals.
Todoroki, could you help me
with my English?
Sure.
Aren't you the No. 1 Hero?
Can't you get us a bigger car?
Why are you even complaining,
you high-school brat?
The driver is a hothead too!
Endeavor!
When did you start letting
these puny kids treat you like trash?
From the moment I reached the top.
Hah!
Did you lose your pride
when you got to the top?
"Hah"?
"Hah"? What?
What?
Natsuo?
Don't stick your head out of the window!
Mr. Kurumada, the lines on the road…
Stop talking
or you'll bite your own tongue!
You have a nice-looking house, Endeavor!
Let go of him now!
Why, you…
You do remember me!
Endeavor!
You were the villain I apprehended
seven years ago.
You even told us your villain name.
Yes, that's right!
I can't believe it, you still remember!
My heart is pumping with joy!
Yes, that was me!
I'm Ending!
I'll only say this one more time.
Let go of him!
Sorry, Endeavor.
I hope you understand.
There are too many things you have
I can only dream of having.
I long to be you!
I have nothing I want to protect.
This man will die by my hand.
Please, Endeavor.
Please don't make the same mistake again.
Please…
take my life.
A hero must never take another life
unless it's absolutely necessary.
However…
You slaughtered that Nomu the other day.
I'm just like that mindless puppet.
I live a sorry life that is no different
from being dead.
So do as you please,
turn me into ashes
with your dazzling inferno!
Let's go.
Hey, brats!
What?
You forgot your stuff!
Kacchan! Shoto!
I'll blow you up.
I will save Natsuo.
I must…
save him!
IZUKU MIDORIYA
QUIRK: ONE FOR ALL
CRUSHING THE ENEMIES
WITH HIS INHERITED POWER
KATSUKI BAKUGO
SECRETION OF NITROGLYCERIN-LIKE SWEAT
FROM HIS PALMS
Natsuo!
Charge up before releasing.
Condense the power.
Unleash your maximum output in an instant
and tap-release the thrust.
Choose either one and keep practicing
until you manage to do it subconsciously.
To hell with the winter day!
Those interns…
Try again!
He lost his footing, that fool!
Take my life, Endeavor!
You are my only hope!
This is my chance.
I can move faster than him.
You've always been the same madman to me.
You're so selfishly trying
to turn over a new leaf
to make up for the terrible things
you had done, it's disgusting!
My flame of hope!
Even with your son's life at stake,
you still wouldn't hesitate
to act like a hero!
Precision, charge up, and release.
Let go of my brother!
You should have killed me years ago!
More people will die because of you!
Compress…
No one is dying on my watch!
I can do it.
It's the same concept.
It all comes down to that.
You must first learn
to do two things subconsciously.
I can do it.
That's right.
No one is dying tonight.
You're not getting away with your crime!
It's only been one week.
It's hard to believe…
Your wish…
is not going to come true!
Yes, he's right.
It's not going to happen.
I thought I was going to die back there.
Is anyone hurt?
It's all right. You saved us.
Was it you? Thank you!
I'm glad everyone is all right.
Hey, you!
What?
Are you hurt?
No!
It was too hot.
Old-man stink.
Where is that white-line jerk?
Target immobilized.
No, this isn't what I wanted.
No, this can't be happening!
Stinking Deku! How are the civilians?
Everyone was inside their cars!
No one was hurt!
A total victory.
-Shut it!
-But why?
What did you say back then, No. 1 Hero?
"Try to at least take down one villain
before I do before the winter ends."
We took down the villain.
Yes, that was splendid.
You managed to turn the situation around
immediately after my mistake.
Why is he acting so friendly
all of a sudden?
Kacchan…
At least say it with a more pompous tone.
Let go of me!
It was my fault.
At that moment, I couldn't help but think…
Had I saved you,
perhaps from now on…
you wouldn't hate me as much.
What?
Natsuo, you don't have to believe me.
It wasn't my intention
to distance myself from you.
But I would be a liar if I said
I wasn't irresponsible or running away.
It was the same for Toya.
I might as well have killed him myself.
It wasn't your intention
to distance yourself from us?
Are you even being honest?
I had always heard
the same thing from Toya.
I will never forgive you
for the rest of my life.
That's because I don't have
a kind heart like Shoto.
Even so…
Even so, you chose to come home
for Fuyumi and your mother, am I right?
Fuyumi longs for our family
to be whole again.
I ruined this family with my own hands.
You understand your sister's wish
to have a normal family and start over.
That's why you keep trying.
You do have a kind heart.
I'm sure you're preparing
to forgive him at some point.
But because you have a kind heart…
It's fine by me
if you choose not to forgive me.
I don't want your forgiveness.
I want to make amends.
Fuyumi was happy.
But as soon as I saw your face,
the memories came back to me.
Why should we play along
with your change of heart?
You want to make amends,
but is there anything you can do?
I have an idea.
Hey!
Cut it out, Endeavor!
What's with the look on your face?
Please stop it!
Where is that dazzling
and prideful flame of yours?
My hope is dying! No!
It's dying! It shouldn't end like this!
No, Endeavor!
He used a booster shot to enhance
his Quirk of controlling white lines.
A booster shot?
Yes. It's rare on the black market now,
but you can still find it.
You need to be more careful.
This is the second villain
that targeted you.
Evil never gives up.
That man is the real culprit!
The radiance he gives out
will invite greater darkness!
He will bring about the end to us all!
-But light never perishes.
-Look! Isn't that Shoto?
My goodness!
Thank you for saving us earlier.
Well, what was your hero name?
-What?
-It's "Bakugo," right?
No.
What? Have you decided on a hero name--
I'm not going to tell you! Not a chance!
Go to hell!
Can you tell me?
No! Go to hell!
I have to tell someone first.
Hawks, it seems like
you were right about them.
Someone is talking about me.
I bet it's Endeavor.
Endeavor sent us back to school afterward.
Todoroki told us what happened later on.
A villain attacked you?
Are you all right?
Yes, Shoto and his friends saved me.
Shoto saved you?
Yes.
Fuyumi.
I've discussed it with Shoto and Natsuo.
You're rebuilding a home for your mother.
But I've left all the work to you…
But don't you worry.
To make commuting easier for all of you,
I picked a land for you
to build a new house.
You could live there with your mother.
Her chief physician told me
she could be discharged soon enough.
I'm sorry if it's too sudden, but
you should start packing your belongings.
Wait, Father.
What about you?
At this point,
what more can I do for my family?
This is the question I ask myself
every night.
I've been having the same dream.
My wife and the kids are having
a delightful time at the dinner table.
They talk about trivial matters
in everyday life.
They appreciated every moment
of this sliver of happiness.
But I am never at the dinner table myself.
Yes. If I really care
about their happiness…
What about you?
I'll stay here.
What?
If I really care about them…
if I truly want to make amends…
Next episode…
The third semester has begun.
We have to manage both
the busy school life
and our hero internship
to better the skills we need
to become great heroes.
Mr. Aizawa and Present Mic
were meeting with Kurogiri,
who was imprisoned in Tartarus.
What secret is Kurogiri hiding?
Next episode,
"More of a Hero than Anyone."
The reality is more disheartening
than we had expected.
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!